CNV#60952 (#93357)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/vm_networking/virt-networking-overview.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Connecting VMs directly to the underlay network is not supported on {product-rosa} and {azure-short} for Red Hat OpenShift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connecting VMs directly to the underlay network is not supported on {product-rosa} and {azure-short} for {product-title}.
```

- Consider using an attr for RHOCP.
